docs(form): document `error-pattern` usage (#5284)
nuxt/ui: docs/content/docs/2.components/form-field.md

This sets the `color` to `error` on the form control. You can change it globally in your `app.config.ts`.
::

### Error Pattern

Nested state values will not show up by default as validation-failed messages below the form control. This is particularly relevant for components such as UInputTags and USelect. Providing a regular expression via this prop will allow those form errors to be detected and displayed. The regular expression will be matched against the `name` key's value within the `errors` list of the `FormErrorEvent`.

::component-code{slug="input-tags"}
---
prettier: true
ignore:
  - label
  - class
props:
  label: List of IDs
  errorPattern: /^ids\..*/

>   class: 'w-full'

Author: @benjamincanac  - is this more correct than your suggestion about the slug? I'm not sure exactly how these slugs and `component-code` things work

This sets the `color` to `error` on the form control. You can change it globally in your `app.config.ts`.
::

### Error Pattern

Nested state values will not show up as validation-failed messages below the form control. This is particularly relevant for components such as UInputTags and USelect. Providing a regular expression via this prop will allow those form errors to be detected and displayed. The regular expression will be matched against the `name` key within the `errors` list of the `FormErrorEvent`.

::component-code
---
prettier: true
ignore:
  - label
props:
  label: List of IDs
  error-pattern: /ids.*/
slots:
  default: |

    <UInputTags v-model="state.ids" class="w-full" />
---

:u-input-tags{v-model="state.ids" class="w-full"}

> ::

Reviewer: The ComponentCode component automatically renders the component and the code based on the provided prop, the trick here is to add a slug since we're not in the `input-tags` component.
```suggestion
::component-code{slug="input-tags"}
---
prettier: true
ignore:
  - label
  - class
props:
  label: List of IDs
  errorPattern: /ids.*/
  class: 'w-full'
---
::
```

Author: ok, I pulled that suggestion in.  none of the other component-code sections on that page have slugs though...but maybe UInput is just always available?

Reviewer: No sorry, my suggestion was wrong 😅 We do want to render a FormField first.

Now I'm thinking about it, it might be better to use a `:component-example` here with an actual `FormFieldErrorPatternExample.vue` component that uses a Form to show the validation.

This sets the `color` to `error` on the form control. You can change it globally in your `app.config.ts`.
::

> ### Error Pattern

Reviewer 2: The example should be on the `Form` component since it's not functional without a Form.

Author: @romhml @benjamincanac - do you think the entire thing should be moved to the `Form` page? or that there should be an example within the `form-field.md` page that shows it being used within a Form?

https://github.com/nuxt/ui/pull/5284#discussion_r2452307403

Reviewer: Maybe it would be better in the Form page yes, we need a Form to demonstrate this anyway.

Author: alright @romhml  I readjusted so that the main example is on the Form component page, and the FormField just links to that

> Nested state values will not show up by default as validation-failed messages below the form control. This is particularly relevant for components such as UInputTags and USelect. Providing a regular expression via this prop will allow those form errors to be detected and displayed. The regular expression will be matched against the `name` key's value within the `errors` list of the `FormErrorEvent`.

Reviewer 2: I'd rephrase it to make it more concise

```suggestion
Use the `error-pattern` prop on the [FormField](/docs/components/form-field) component to match nested form errors. This is especially relevant for components with array values such as [InputTags](/docs/components/input-tags).
```

Author: @romhml  - phrasing has been updated

Author: @romhml @benjamincanac   - any thoughts on the new phrasing?

Author: @benjamincanac - any thoughts on the new phrasing?

Author: @romhml @benjamincanac - any thoughts on the new phrasing?
